J a n n a G a r d n e r
4567 Main Street, Chicago, Illinois 98052 • +216 51 564 241 • janna@example.com
Human Resources Generalist with 6+ years of experience assisting with and fulfilling organization staffing needs
and requirements. A proven track record of using my excellent personal, communication and organization skills to
lead and improve HR departments, recruit excellent personnel, and improve department efficiencies. Team player
with excellent communication skills, high quality of work, driven and highly self-motivated. Strong negotiating skills
and business acumen and able to work independently.
Experience
2022 – PRESENT
Human Resources Generalist | Lamna Healthcare Company | Chicago, Illinois
Review, update, and revise company hiring practices, vacation, and other human resources policies to ensure
compliance with OSHA and all local, state, and federal labor regulations. By creating and maintaining a positive and
responsive work environment, we raised employee retention rates by over 10% to achieve a greater than 90%
employee retention over a 2-year period. Developed recruitment programs to successfully increase minority
recruitment and meet affirmative action requirements. Led development team to build and deploy a dedicated
recruitment website which reduced year-over-year recruitment costs by 14%.
JUNE 2019– AUGUST 2022
Human Resources Intern | Wholeness Healthcare | Boomtown, Ohio
Assisted in recruitment outreach to prospective employees. Organized and conducted several seminars for hospital
employees to educate and update them regarding available employment benefit options. Arranged hospital-wide
guest speakers symposia to educate management about new employment laws and workplace confidence and
morale building techniques. Administrative tasks.
Skills
Type 96 words per minute • Proficient with project management software • Team player • Excellent time
management skills • Conflict management • Public speaking • Data analytics
Education
MAY 2018
Bachelor of Arts Human Resources Management | Jasper University | Ft. Lauderdale, FL
3.8 GPA • Member of university’s Honor Society
